h1. Searchbox

This is a jQuery plugin that turns any textbox into a live search, or a "searchbox".

Thank Ryan Heath for his contributing. I edited this plugin to use for multiple textbox and add callbacks. I also renamed it to "hsearchbox" to discern difference between the two plugins.

h3. Usage

<pre><code>$('input.search').hsearchbox()</code></pre>

That's it, really. There are a few configuration options:

* <code>url</code> - a GET request is sent to this url (default: '/search')
* <code>param</code> - the actually parameter that gets sent to the server (default: 'query')
* <code>dom_id</code> - the element that gets updated with the results (default: '#livesearch_results')
* <code>delay</code> - the keystroke delay (default: 250 ms)
* <code>minChars</code> - the minimum characters to process (default: 2)
* <code>loading_css</code> - the css for an ajax spinner/loading bar (default: '#livesearch_loading')
* <code>del_id</code> - the element optional (default: '#livesearch_del')
* <code>form_id</code> - the element for search form (default: '#livesearch_form')
* <code>dataType</code> - the datatype for an ajax request (default: 'text')
* <code>onInitSearch</code> - the callback when init searchbox
* <code>onStartSearch</code> - the callback when start search
* <code>onFinishSearch</code> - the callback when finish search

So, customizing each config option might look like this:

<pre><code>$('input.search').hsearchbox({
  url: '/your/search/url',
  param: 'search',
  dom_id: '#search_results',
  loading_css: '#livesearch_loading'
})</code></pre>

Or using with a form:
<pre><code>$('#search-input').hsearchbox({
  url: $('#search_form').attr('action'),
  param: 'search',
  dom_id: '#search_results',
  delay: 100,
  minChars: 3,
  loading_css: '#livesearch_loading',
  form_id: '#search_form'
})</code></pre>

h3. Hooks

There are a few callback you can use:

* <code>onInitSearch</code> - triggered once when the searchbox init
* <code>onStartSearch</code> - triggered right before the search is performed
* <code>onFinishSearch</code> - triggered right after the search completes

Here's an example of how to make use of them:

<pre><code>$('#search-input').hsearchbox({
  url: '/your/search/url',
  param: 'search',
  dom_id: '#search_results',
  ...,
  onInitSearch: function(){
    // your code here
  },
  onStartSearch: function(){
    // your code here
  },
  onFinishSearch: function(){
    // your code here
  }
})</code></pre>

h3. License

(c) 2009 Ryan Heath, released under the MIT license, edited by Hoang Mirs
